= 091 Labs lo-lo

* <b>Homepage:</b> 091labs.com
* <b>Git:</b> https://github.com/091labs/lo-lo
* <b>Author:</b> 091 Labs members
* <b>License:</b> GNU GPL v3
* <b>Latest Version:</b> 1.17
* <b>Release Date:</b> 2012	

== General Infromation

This is a way for members and the general public when the Labs on or labs off

091 Labs is a collaborative community space based in Galway City, Ireland. 
It is a shared physical space for any and all creative projects: art, woodwork, 
software, photography and electronics – to name but a few. Our aim is to 
provide Galway with a place for people to work and collaborate on creative 
projects, to learn and to share their knowledge. We welcome all skill levels 
and all creative ideas.

== Authors

* <b>Android:</b> Carles Sentis
* <b>Art design:</b> Darren Kearney
* <b>Server:</b> Padraic Harley

== Install

Install from Google Play

* http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.codeskraps.lolo

== ChangeLog
<b>v1.17</b>
* No signal image changed

<b>v1.16</b>
* No signal image if unknown lolo state

<b>v1.15</b>
* Release version using Proguard and ZipAlign

<b>v1.14</b>
* Fix update

<b>v1.13</b>
* Improved widget size in some devices

<b>v1.12</b>
* Changed try/catch after reported crashes

<b>v1.11</b>
* ACRA - Crash report added
* Small UI improvements
* Improved error handling

<b>v1.10</b>
* Out of  bound exception fixed

<b>v.1.9</b>
* On touch event stopped working after sometime has been fixed
* Get lolo json parser been fixed

<b>v1.8</b>
* Added - Custom interval update

<b>v1.7</b>
* Bug fixed - Widget views not updating from pedingIntent
* Bug fixed - Connection time out view update

<b>v1.6</b>
* Bug fixed - onSharedPreferenceChanged not fired

<b>v1.5</b>
* Shows About activity on first launch

<b>v1.4</b>
* New super awesome about page
* Added show 24-hour setting

<b>v1.3</b> 
* Added the option to enable/disable last sync display
* Added a progress display while synchronizing

<b>v1.2</b>
* Added on touch event
* Added last synch

<b>v1.1</b> 
* Fixed crashes for devices using 3+ (Honey comb)
* Update changed to 15 minutes

<b>v1.0</b>
* First official release

== Copyright/License

lo-lo Copyright (C) 091 Labs 2012 info@091labs.com

lo-lo is free software: you can
redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of
the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

lo-lo is distributed in the hope that it
will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU
General Public License along with this program.
If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses.
